<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_sjs_qtp_sfb">
    <title>Configuring Data Collection: DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> Appliance</title>
    <shortdesc>This section describes the support for monitoring of service flows through an IBM速
        WebSphere速 DataPower速 <ph keyref="brand"></ph> appliance, where the ITCAM for <ph keyref="brand"/> data collector acts as a proxy
        between the services clients and servers.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p> The list of versions of the DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance supported by ITCAM for <ph keyref="brand"></ph> 7.2 Fix
            Pack 1 is available from the Software product compatibility reports website. For
            information about accessing reports from this website, see Required software. </p>
        <p>The DataPower data collector can be integrated with ITCAM for Transactions. If
            configured, transaction events are sent to a Transaction Collector which stores and
            aggregates transaction data from multiple data collectors. For more information about
            configuring the interface to ITCAM for Transactions, see Integrating with ITCAM for
            Transactions. </p>
        <p>IBM WebSphere DataPower <ph keyref="brand"></ph> appliances are used for processing XML messages, and
            providing message transformation, services acceleration, and security functions. A
            DataPower appliance is typically used to improve the security and performance of
            services by offloading functions from the application server that is hosting the target
            service to a DataPower <ph keyref="brand"></ph> appliance. Typical functions that are off-loaded include;
            authentication and authorization, XML schema validation, and services encryption and
            decryption.</p>
        <p>ITCAM for <ph keyref="brand"/> provides a DataPower data collector that operates as a proxy and monitors
            services flows through a DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance, providing similar services management
            and availability information that ITCAM for <ph keyref="brand"/> currently provides for application
            server runtime environments. This information is displayed in the Tivoli速 Enterprise
            Portal using the usual predefined or user-defined workspaces and views. DataPower
            supports two proxy types that can process <ph keyref="brand"/> messages:</p>
        <p>The Web Services Proxy You configure a Web Services Proxy by importing one or more WSDL
            files and then telling the appliance where to direct those messages. Thus, the Web
            Services Proxy receives only SOAP messages. The Multi-Protocol Gateway The
            Multi-Protocol Gateway is more versatile than the Web Services Proxy. You can use it to
            process nearly any type of message, including SOAP, non-SOAP XML, text, or binary. For
            XML messages (including SOAP), XSL transforms are used to manipulate the message. For
            non-XML messages, similar transform actions can be built using IBM WebSphere
            Transformation Extender (for more information about this product, see
            http://www-306.ibm.com/software/integration/wdatastagetx/).</p>
        <hazardstatement>
            <messagepanel id="messagepanel_xds_r22_5fb">
                <typeofhazard>Firmware</typeofhazard>
                <howtoavoid>Before using the DataPower data collector proxy, you must upgrade the
                    firmware on DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliances that you want to monitor, to include the
                    necessary monitoring and data transformation capabilities.</howtoavoid>
                <howtoavoid>Upgrade your firmware to at least version 3.7.1 or later to monitor
                    traffic through the Web Services Proxy.</howtoavoid>
                <howtoavoid>Upgrade your firmware to at least version 3.7.1 Fix Pack 4 or later to
                    monitor traffic through a Multi-Protocol Gateway.</howtoavoid>
                <howtoavoid>Consult your DataPower Appliance documentation for information about
                    upgrading your firmware level.</howtoavoid>
            </messagepanel>
        </hazardstatement>
    </conbody>
</concept>
