<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_gqh_mjj_tfb">
    <title>Disabling the data collector using the Data Collector Configuration utility</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>To disable data collection with the Data Collector Configuration utility, complete
                the following steps: </p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Run the Data Collector Configuration utility (see <xref
                        href="../reference/running_the_data_collector_configuration_utility.dita"
                        >Running the Data Collector Configuration utility</xref>):</cmd>
                <info>
                    <ol id="ol_mzj_sjj_tfb">
                        <li>Select the DataPower <ph keyref="brand" product="SIH"/> Appliance
                            runtime environment. </li>
                        <li>Select the Configure DataPower Instance option.</li>
                        <li>Select the option to disable data collection.<div>For the remaining
                                input parameters, refer to Table 2 on page 24 for a description of
                                the information that is required, and see the additional information
                                and examples of running the KD4configDC command to learn more about
                                how to specify these parameters for your environment.</div></li>
                        <li>Specify the DataPower Host Name.</li>
                        <li>Specify the DataPower user ID.</li>
                        <li>Specify the DataPower password.</li>
                        <li>The default DataPower port number (5500) and the default polling
                            interval (10 seconds) is provided. Accept these defaults or type over
                            them to specify different values.</li>
                        <li>Specify the DataPower Domain List.</li>
                        <li>Optionally specify the DataPower Display Group.</li>
                        <li>Wait for the configuration utility to complete the operation.</li>
                        <li>. Exit the utility.</li>
                    </ol>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
