<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_ezm_ysv_sfb">
    <title>Planning for deployment</title>
    <shortdesc>DataPower proxies are defined within <i>application domains</i>, and DataPower users
        can be restricted to access some or all domains.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>When configuring the DataPower data collector, you must understand how the domains and
            users are defined on the monitored DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliances, to ensure that the data
            collector uses valid authentication credentials. This refers to user IDs and passwords
            that have access to the DataPower domains containing the services proxies to be
            monitored. In addition, you must decide how you want to aggregate or separate the data
            collected from those domains for display in the Tivoli Enterprise Portal.</p>
        <p>You can use DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliances in several typical configurations: <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Single appliance, single domain</dt>
                    <dd>The data collector monitors a single DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance, with all of
                        the monitored resources that are defined in a single domain on the
                        appliance.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl><dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Single appliance, multiple domains</dt>
                    <dd>The data collector monitors a single DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance, but that
                        appliance has monitored resources that are defined in more than one domain
                        on the appliance.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl><dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Multiple appliances with different configurations</dt>
                    <dd>The data collector monitors multiple DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliances, and each
                        appliance has a different configuration of resources to be monitored. Each
                        appliance is configured for a particular job, with no intention of
                        load-balancing or fail-over between appliances.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl><dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Multiple appliances with identical configurations</dt>
                    <dd>The data collector monitors multiple DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliances, and all of
                        the appliances have an identical configuration of resources being monitored.
                        All of the appliances are configured for the same job, taking advantage of
                        load-balancing, and fail-over capabilities between appliances.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl></p>
        <p>Given these typical configurations, the DataPower data collector provides a great deal of
            flexibility in defining how the collected monitoring data should be separated or
            aggregated, across a single appliance or multiple appliances, for display in the Tivoli
            Enterprise Portal. The following examples illustrate how data can be separated or
            aggregated for managing the data from various domains and appliances:<dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Separation of data at the domain</dt>
                    <dd>You can view the services management data for the resources in a single
                        domain, separate from the data for resources in other domains.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl><dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Aggregation of data across domains </dt>
                    <dd>You can view the services management data for the resources in several
                        domains (for example, all of the domains on a DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance) in an
                        aggregated form, with no regard for the domain in which individual resources
                        are defined.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl><dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Separation of data at the appliance</dt>
                    <dd>You can view the services management data for resources on a single
                        DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance, separate from the data for resources on other
                        appliances.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl><dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Aggregation of data across appliances</dt>
                    <dd>You can view the services management data for the resources on several
                        DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliances (for example, all of the appliances in a
                        Configuring data collection: DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> Appliance 3 load-balancing
                            <i>cluster</i>) in an aggregated form, with no regard for what activity
                        occurs on each individual appliance.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl></p>
        <p>By default, the DataPower data collector aggregates data for all of the monitored domains
            on a single DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance (even if the domains are accessed
            using different credentials), and keeps the data from each DataPower <ph keyref="brand"
            /> appliance separated. See <xref href="enabling_data_collection.dita">Enabling data
                collection</xref> for more information. However, operational flow data is collected
            only by individual domains. Refer to <xref
                href="../reference/creating_node_names_in_tivoli_enterprise_portal.dita">Creating
                node names in Tivoli Enterprise Portal</xref> for additional details.</p>
        <p>A single instance of the DataPower data collector can monitor any number of DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/>
            appliances, limited only by the memory, CPU power, and other resources available to
            it.</p>
        <p>
            <note type="important">IBM supports running only a single instance of the data collector
                on any computer system.</note>
        </p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
