<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_vfr_l2j_tfb">
    <title>Specifying KD4configDC parameters</title>
    <shortdesc>The env specific parameters defined for the DataPower invocation of the KD4configDC
        command are a series of key and value pairs that define the necessary properties for the
        affected section of the DataPower configuration file. These key and value pairs, which you
        can specify in any order on the command line, are shown in Table 2 on page 24.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>
            <table frame="all" id="table_v4p_y2j_tfb">
                <title>DataPower key and value pairs for the KD4configDC command</title>
                <tgroup cols="4">
                    <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                    <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                    <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                    <colspec colname="c4" colnum="4" colwidth="1*"/>
                    <thead>
                        <row>
                            <entry>Parameter</entry>
                            <entry>Optional / Required</entry>
                            <entry>Default value</entry>
                            <entry>Description</entry>
                        </row>
                    </thead>
                    <tbody>
                        <row>
                            <entry>-host <i>host name or IP address</i></entry>
                            <entry>Required</entry>
                            <entry/>
                            <entry>Defines the DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance host name or IP address. This
                                host name is used to establish a socket connection and is used as
                                part of the Web address pointing to the DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance.
                                This value can be any length string, with no blank characters. See
                                “Creating node names in Tivoli Enterprise Portal” on page 25
                                regarding possible truncation of this value in the node
                                name.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>-user <i>user ID</i></entry>
                            <entry>Required</entry>
                            <entry/>
                            <entry>Defines the DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance authentication user. This
                                user must be a valid user for the DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance defined by
                                the -host parameter. See your DataPower documentation for
                                information about creating and managing user IDs for DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/>
                                appliances. See “Configuring a user account on the DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/>
                                appliance” on page 5 for more information.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>-pswd <i>password</i></entry>
                            <entry>Optional</entry>
                            <entry>User is prompted, if necessary</entry>
                            <entry>Defines the DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance authentication password,
                                entered in clear text (not encoded). This password must be valid for
                                the user defined in the <codeph>–user</codeph> parameter, and must
                                be valid for the DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance defined by the
                                    <codeph>–host</codeph> parameter. This password is automatically
                                converted to an encoded (masked) form and is stored in the DataPower
                                configuration file. See your DataPower documentation for information
                                about creating and managing passwords for DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/>
                                appliances.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>-port <i>port number</i></entry>
                            <entry>Optional</entry>
                            <entry>5550</entry>
                            <entry>Defines the DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance port number. This port number
                                is used to establish a socket connection and is used as part of the
                                Web address pointing to the DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance. This value must
                                be an integer from 0 to 65535. If this parameter is not specified,
                                the default value is used.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>-path <i>path string</i></entry>
                            <entry>Required</entry>
                            <entry>/</entry>
                            <entry>Defines the DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance path. This path is used as
                                part of the Web address pointing to the DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/>
                                    appliance.<note type="restriction">You cannot specify a path
                                    other than /. Changing its value has no effect.</note></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>-poll <i>polling interval</i></entry>
                            <entry>Optional</entry>
                            <entry>10 seconds</entry>
                            <entry>Defines the DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance polling interval (in
                                seconds). The data collector waits this amount of time between each
                                poll of the DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance. This must be an integer value,
                                specified in seconds, between 1 and 300 (1 second to 5
                                minutes).</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>-maxrecords maximum number of records</entry>
                            <entry>Optional</entry>
                            <entry>15000</entry>
                            <entry>Defines the maximum number of records that the DataPower data
                                collector can process from the DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance per polling
                                interval. This must be an integer value, between 1 and
                                30000.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>-subexpire <i> length of time the subscription is
                                valid</i></entry>
                            <entry>Optional</entry>
                            <entry>15</entry>
                            <entry>Defines the length of time, in minutes, that the subscription of
                                the DataPower data collector to the DataPower appliance remains
                                valid. At the end of the subscription period, the DataPower data
                                collector renews its subscription to the DataPower appliance. This
                                must be an integer value, specified in minutes, between 3 and
                                30.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>-domainlist<i> domainA, domainB, ...domainZ</i></entry>
                            <entry>Optional</entry>
                            <entry>No <codeph>domainlist</codeph> property is generated</entry>
                            <entry>Defines the DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance domain list. This is a
                                comma-separated list of domains to be monitored on the associated
                                DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance. Any domains in this list that are not
                                authorized to the user defined by the <codeph>-user</codeph>
                                parameter are not monitored. Each domain can be any string, with no
                                blank characters. If you specify more than one domain name,
                                separated by commas, the entire domain list must be enclosed in
                                double quotation marks (for example, –domainlist
                                "domain1,domain2,domain3". See “Considerations for enabling data
                                collection for DataPower monitoring” on page 28 for more information
                                about using this domain list.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>-displaygroup <i>display group</i></entry>
                            <entry>Optional</entry>
                            <entry>No <codeph>displaygroup</codeph> property is generated</entry>
                            <entry>Defines the DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance display name. The name can be
                                any string, with no blank characters, up to 64 characters long. See
                                “Creating node names in Tivoli Enterprise Portal” regarding possible
                                truncation of this value in the node name. See “Considerations for
                                enabling data collection for DataPower monitoring” on page 28 for
                                more information about the use of this property.</entry>
                        </row>
                    </tbody>
                </tgroup>
            </table>
            <note type="important">When you deploy the DataPower data collector, you must start the
                data collector once you have enabled it to begin collecting data. For more
                information about starting the data collector, see “Starting and stopping the data
                collector” on page 33.</note>
        </p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
