<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_cmv_mqv_sfb">
    <title>The DataPower data collector as a proxy</title>
    <shortdesc>Data collector provided with ITCAM for <ph keyref="brand"/> are usually installed directly into the
        application server routine environment hosting the services being monitored. The DataPower
        <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance, however, does not support the installation of additional software, such as a
        data collector.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Unlike other application server runtime environments, the ITCAM for <ph keyref="brand"/> data collector
            for the DataPower environment is installed on a separate computer system and uses a
            special communication mechanism that allows external software applications to receive
            data from its internal transaction log.</p>
        <p>This communication mechanism is used to retrieve monitoring data about services requests
            flowing through one or more DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliances, and to convert the data into a
            format that ITCAM for <ph keyref="brand"/> can process. In this way, the DataPower data collector acts as
            a proxy between the DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliances and the ITCAM for <ph keyref="brand"/> monitoring agent. </p>
        <p>The DataPower data collector can be installed on a dedicated computer system, or it can
            run on a computer that is also hosting data collectors for other application server
            runtime environments.<note type="important">IBM supports only one instance of the
                DataPower data collector running on any computer system. This one data collector
                instance, however, can monitor any number of domains on any number of appliances,
                subject to available resources.</note></p>
        <p>When data collection is enabled for the DataPower environment, the data collector
            subscribes to each monitored DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance and then polls the appliance for
            monitoring data at the specified interval. The data that is retrieved from the DataPower
            <ph keyref="brand"/> appliance is written to metric log files in the format used by ITCAM for <ph keyref="brand"/>. When
            this data is later displayed in the Tivoli Enterprise Portal, nodes are displayed in the
            Tivoli Enterprise Portal Navigator view that represent the DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliances that
            are being monitored. You can select workspaces under these nodes and view the services
            management data for the service requests flowing through the monitored DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/>
            appliances.</p>
        <p>The DataPower data collector can subscribe to multiple DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliances, and
            retrieve and manage data from multiple domains. This data can then be separated by
            DataPower domain or aggregated across multiple domains and appliances, depending on how
            you configure the data collector. The DataPower data collector uses a configuration file
            that contains information about which DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/> appliances are being monitored and
            information needed to establish communication with each monitored appliance</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
