<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_rb1_pyv_sfb">
    <title>The DataPower configuration file</title>
    <shortdesc>For the DataPower data collector, the Data Collector Configuration utility and the
        KD4configDC command manipulate the contents of a special DataPower configuration file by
        adding sections to the file when new DataPower monitoring is enabled, and removing sections
        from the file when monitoring is disabled.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>ring is enabled, and removing sections from the file when monitoring is disabled. Each
            invocation of the Data Collector Configuration utility or the
                <uicontrol>KD4configDC</uicontrol> command adds, updates, or removes one section of
            the DataPower configuration file. Each section of the DataPower configuration file might
            be associated with its own data group, or it might be part of a larger data group to
            which other sections of the configuration file also belong.</p>
        <p>The DataPower data collector uses this configuration file to identify the DataPower <ph keyref="brand"/>
            appliances that are to be monitored and to specify all of the information that is needed
            to communicate with those appliances. Typical information that is stored for each
            connection includes host name and port, user ID and password, domains to monitor, and
            polling interval.</p>
        <p>The configuration file is in the <codeph>ITCAM4SOA_Home/KD4/config</codeph> directory on
            Linux or UNIX systems and the <codeph>ITCAM4SOA_Home/KD4/config</codeph> directory on
            Windows systems and is called<codeph> KD4.dpdcConfig.properties</codeph>. This file is
            maintained separately from the existing <codeph>KD4.dc.properties</codeph> configuration
            file. This is a sample DataPower configuration file:</p>
        <p># Sample DataPower data collector configuration file DataPower.count=3 </p>
        <p># </p>
        <p>DataPower.host.1=dpbox1 </p>
        <p>DataPower.port.1=5550 </p>
        <p>DataPower.path.1=/ </p>
        <p>DataPower.poll.1=60 </p>
        <p>DataPower.user.1=admin </p>
        <p>DataPower.encpswd.1=#$%*&amp; </p>
        <p>DataPower.domainlist.1=default,testdom1 </p>
        <p>DataPower.displaygroup.1=dpbox1 </p>
        <p>DataPower.subExpire.1=15 </p>
        <p>DataPower.maxrecords.1=1000 # </p>
        <p>DataPower.host.2=dpbox2 </p>
        <p>DataPower.port.2=5550 </p>
        <p>DataPower.path.2=/ </p>
        <p>DataPower.poll.2=30 </p>
        <p>DataPower.user.2=user1 </p>
        <p>DataPower.encpswd.2=&amp;*%$# </p>
        <p>DataPower.domainlist.2=userdom1,userdom2,userdom3 </p>
        <p>DataPower.displaygroup.2=user_doms </p>
        <p>DataPower.subExpire.2=15</p>
        <p>DataPower.maxrecords.2=1000</p>
        <p>#</p>
        <p>DataPower.host.3=dpbox2 </p>
        <p>DataPower.port.3=5550 </p>
        <p>DataPower.path.3=/ </p>
        <p>DataPower.poll.3=30 </p>
        <p>DataPower.user.3=admin </p>
        <p>DataPower.encpswd.3=*%$#&amp; </p>
        <p>DataPower.displaygroup.3=all_doms </p>
        <p>DataPower.subExpire.3=15 </p>
        <p>DataPower.maxrecords.3=1000</p>
        <p>In the example, there are three sections in the configuration file. The properties in
            each of the three sections provide all of the information that is needed to establish
            and manage a single connection or session with each DataPower SOA appliance.</p>
        <p>Change the information in this configuration file using either the Data Collector
            Configuration utility or the KD4configDC command. You can only modify the parameters
            that are set when you first run the Data Collector Configuration utility or when you
            first issued the KD4configDC command. To set additional parameters, you must manually
            add them to the configuration file.</p>
        <p>Using various combinations of parameters in the Data Collector Configuration utility
            input pages or in the KD4configDC command, you can achieve different monitoring
            configurations to separate or aggregate data among domains and appliances. See
            “Considerations for enabling data collection for DataPower monitoring” on page 28 for
            more information.</p>
        <p>Before you configure your DataPower environment for data collection, consult with your
            local systems management planners to understand which domains on which DataPower SOA
            appliances are to be monitored and how the data from these domains and appliances should
            be separated or aggregated for display in the Tivoli Enterprise Portal.</p>
        <p>To set the DataPower.maxrecords property to an optimal value, it is useful to determine
            the number of transactions that are processed by each of the configured domains. The
            DataPower.maxrecords property must be set in line with the expected traffic levels of
            each configured domain. For more information about setting the transaction rate, see
                <xref href="optimizing_performance.dita">Optimizing performance</xref> on page
                40.<note type="restriction">In an upgrade scenario, to set the maximum number of
                records for an existing display group, you must add the DataPower.maxrecords
                parameter manually to the section in the <codeph>KD4.dpdcConfig.properties</codeph>
                file that configures the display group.</note></p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
